<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html" xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core" xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
<h:head>
	<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
	<title>Business Solutions</title>
	<h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="style.css"/>	
	<!--[if lte IE 7]>
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/ie.css" type="text/css" charset="utf-8" />	
	<![endif]-->
</h:head>

<body>
	<div id="header">
		<a href="index.jsf" id="logo"><h:graphicImage library="images" name="logo.jpg" alt="LOGO" /></a>
		<div id="navigation">
			<ul>
				<li class="first"><a href="index.jsf">Home</a></li>
				<li><a href="about.jsf">About us</a></li>
				<li><a href="services.jsf">Services</a></li>
				<li class="selected"><a href="solutions.jsf">Solutions</a></li>
				<li><a href="contact.jsf">Contact</a></li>
			</ul>
		</div>
		<div id="search">
			<form action="" method="">
				<input type="text" value="Search" class="txtfield" onblur="javascript:if(this.value==''){this.value=this.defaultValue;}" onfocus="javascript:if(this.value==this.defaultValue){this.value='';}" />
				<input type="submit" value="" class="button" />
			</form>
		</div>
	</div> <!-- /#header -->
	<div id="contents">
		<div class="background">
			<div id="solutions">
				<span>This website template has been designed by <a href="http://www.freewebsitetemplates.com/">Free Website Templates</a> for you, for free. You can replace all this text with your own text.</span>
				<p>
					This website template has been designed by <a href="http://www.freewebsitetemplates.com/">Free Website Templates</a> for you, for free. You can replace all this text with your own text.
					You can remove any link to our website from this website template, you're free to use this website template without linking back to us.
					If you're having problems editing this website template, then don't hesitate to ask for help on the <a href="http://www.freewebsitetemplates.com/forum/">Forum</a>.
				</p>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>
							<b>LOREM IPSUM DOLOR SIT AMET, CONSECTETUR ADIPIS CINGELIT</b>
							Nunc ut turpis vitae purus cursus malesuada at sed lacus. Integer pretium luctus felis, a dictum dui malesuada in. Praesent nunc erat, mollis sed varius id, blandit ut nisi. Aliquam in ipsum purus, 
							in dignissim turpis. Nullam a adipiscing felis. Etiam a egestas dui.
						</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>
							<b>PRAESENT NUNC ERAT, MOLLIS SED VARIUS ID, BLANDIT UT NISI ALIQUAM IN IPSUM PURUS</b>
							dignissim turpis. Nullam a adipiscing felis. Etiam a egestas dui. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus.
						</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>
							<b>NUNC EU NEQUE VEL VELIT FRINGILLA PLACERAT AT EU NULLA</b>
							Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Nunc ut turpis vitae purus cursus malesuada at sed lacus. Integer pretium luctus felis, a dictum dui malesuada in. Praesent nunc erat, mollis 
							sed varius id, blandit ut nisi. Aliquam in ipsum purus, in dignissim turpis. Nullam a adipiscing felis. Etiam a egestas dui.
						</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
				<p>
					<b>BE PART OF OUR COMMUNITY:</b>
					If you&acute;re experiencing issues and concerns about this website template, join the discussion <a href="http://www.apple.com/startpage/">on our forum</a> and meet other people in the community who share 
					the same interests with you.
				</p>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div> <!-- /#contents -->
	<ui:include src="/pages/footerPage.xhtml" />
	<!-- /#footer -->
</body>
</html>