<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">

<ui:composition template="/templates/generalTemplate.xhtml">
	<ui:define name="pageTitle">Inicio</ui:define>
	
	<ui:define name="pageHeader">
	<div id="header">
		<a href="index.jsf" id="logo"><h:graphicImage library="images" name="logo.jpg" alt="LOGO" /></a>
		<div id="navigation">
			<ul>
				<li class="first"><a href="index.jsf">Home</a></li>
				<li class="selected"><a href="about.jsf">About us</a></li>
				<li><a href="services.jsf">Services</a></li>
				<li><a href="solutions.jsf">Solutions</a></li>
				<li><a href="support.jsf">Support</a></li>
				<li><a href="contact.jsf">Contact</a></li>
			</ul>
		</div>
		<div id="search">
			<form action="" method="">
				<input type="text" value="Search" class="txtfield" onblur="javascript:if(this.value==''){this.value=this.defaultValue;}" onfocus="javascript:if(this.value==this.defaultValue){this.value='';}" />
				<input type="submit" value="" class="button" />
			</form>
		</div>
	</div> <!-- /#header -->
	</ui:define>
	
	<ui:define name="body">
	<div id="contents">
		<div class="background">
			<h3>We Have Free Templates for Everyone</h3>
			<p>
				Our website templates are created with inspiration, checked for quality and originality and meticulously sliced and coded. What&acute;s more, they&acute;re
				absolutely free! You can do a lot with them. You can modify them. You can use them to design websites for clients, so long as you agree with
				the <a href="http://www.freewebsitetemplates.com/about/termsofuse/">Terms of Use</a>. You can even remove all our links if you want to.
			</p>

			<h3>We Have More Templates for You</h3>
			<p>
				Looking for more templates? Just browse through all our <a href="http://www.freewebsitetemplates.com/">Free Website	Templates</a> and find what you&acute;re looking for. But if you don&acute;t find any
				website template you can use, you can try our <a href="http://www.freewebsitetemplates.com/freewebdesign/">Free Web Design</a> service and tell us all about it. Maybe you&acute;re looking for something different,
				something special. And we love the challenge of doing something	different and something special.
			</p>

			<h3>Be Part of Our Community</h3>
			<p>If you&acute;re experiencing issues and concerns about this website template, join the discussion <a href="http://www.freewebsitetemplates.com/forum/">on our forum</a> and meet other people in the community who share the same interests with you.</p>

			<p>
				<b>Template details</b>
				Version 5<br/><br/>
				Website Template details, discussion and updates for this <a href="http://www.freewebsitetemplates.com/forum/f18/business-solutions-website-template-18773">Business Solutions Template</a>.<br/><br/>
				Website Template design by <a href="http://www.freewebsitetemplates.com/">Free Website Templates</a>.<br/><br/>
				Please feel free to remove some or all the text and links of this page and replace it with your own About content.<br/><br/>
			</p>
		</div>
	</div> <!-- /#contents -->
	</ui:define>
	<ui:define name="footerPage">
		<ui:include src="/pages/footerPage.xhtml" />
		<!-- /#footer -->
	</ui:define>
	</ui:composition>
</html>