<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html" xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core" xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
<h:head>
	<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
	<title>Business Solutions</title>
	<h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="style.css"/>
	<!--[if lte IE 7]>
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/ie.css" type="text/css" charset="utf-8" />	
	<![endif]-->
</h:head>

<body>
	<div id="header">
		<a href="index.jsf" id="logo"><h:graphicImage library="images" name="logo.jpg" alt="LOGO" /></a>
		<div id="navigation">
			<ul>
				<li class="first"><a href="index.jsf">Home</a></li>
				<li><a href="about.jsf">About us</a></li>
				<li class="selected"><a href="services.jsf">Services</a></li>
				<li><a href="solutions.jsf">Solutions</a></li>
				<li><a href="support.jsf">Support</a></li>
				<li><a href="blog.jsf">Blog</a></li>
				<li><a href="contact.jsf">Contact</a></li>
			</ul>
		</div>
		<div id="search">
			<form action="" method="">
				<input type="text" value="Search" class="txtfield" onblur="javascript:if(this.value==''){this.value=this.defaultValue;}" onfocus="javascript:if(this.value==this.defaultValue){this.value='';}" />
				<input type="submit" value="" class="button" />
			</form>
		</div>
	</div> <!-- /#header -->
	<div id="contents">
		<div class="background">
			<div id="services">
			
				<span>This website template has been designed by <a href="http://www.freewebsitetemplates.com/">Free Website Templates</a> for you, for free. You can replace all this text with your own text.</span>
				<p>
					This website template has been designed by <a href="http://www.freewebsitetemplates.com/">Free Website Templates</a> for you, for free. You can replace all this text with your own text.
					You can remove any link to our website from this website template, you're free to use this website template without linking back to us.
					If you're having problems editing this website template, then don't hesitate to ask for help on the <a href="http://www.freewebsitetemplates.com/forum/">Forum</a>.
				</p>
				<h:graphicImage library="images" name="discussing.jpg" alt="ServiceImg" />
				<ul>
					<li>
						<b>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis cingelit.</b>
						Nunc ut turpis vitae purus cursus malesuada at sed lacus. Integer pretium luctus felis, a dictum dui malesuada in.
					</li>
					<li>
						<b>Praesent nunc erat, mollis sed varius id, blandit ut nisi. Aliquam in ipsum purus</b>
						in dignissim turpis. Nullam a adipiscing felis. Etiam a egestas dui. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus.
					</li>
					<li>
						<b>Nunc eu neque vel velit fringilla placerat at eu nulla.</b>
						Sed tempus metus a lectus tristique in malesuada dolor mollis.
					</li>
				</ul>
				<p>
					Our website templates are created with inspiration, checked for quality and originality and meticulously sliced and coded.  more, 
					absolutely free! You can do a lot with them. You can modify them. You can use them to design websites for clients, so long as you agree with
					the <a href="http://www.freewebsitetemplates.com/about/termsofuse/">Terms of Use</a>. You can even remove all our links if you want to.
				</p>
				<p>
					We Have More Templates for You : Looking for more templates? Just browse through all our <a href="http://www.freewebsitetemplates.com/">Free Website	Templates</a> and find what youre looking for. But if you dont find any
					website template you can use, you can try our <a href="http://www.freewebsitetemplates.com/freewebdesign/">Free Web Design</a> service and tell us all about it. Maybe youre looking for something different,
					something special. And we love the challenge of doing something	different and something special.
				</p>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div> <!-- /#contents -->
	<ui:include src="/pages/footerPage.xhtml" />
	<!-- /#footer -->
</body>
</html>